Fix section depth in markdown template (#664)
twisted/towncrier: src/towncrier/newsfragments/663.bugfix.rst

> Markdown template: Render category headers as h2 when no sections are present.

Reviewer: Just a small comment... and mauybe this should be a `.removal` type of fragment.

It should explain the existing users should manually update existing NEWS file to match the new H2 format.

```suggestion
When no sections are present, the default Markdown template now renders the category headers as H2. In previous versions it was rendered as H3.
```
